MS Hosting Change Log Announcements Improvements (#2299)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-undefined-microservice-name-validation.md

    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-59870
---

> Starting with Q1 2025, the Cumulocity IoT platform will enforce `name` and `context-path` manifest fields naming restrictions for custom microservice deployments. You can verify the correctness of your microservices by uploading them via the UI or REST API. If this is successful, your configuration is correct. For the details on `name` and `context-path` fields, please visit [Microservice Manifest Documentation](/microservice-sdk/general-aspects/#settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Q1 2025, the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform enforces `name` and `context-path` manifest fields naming restrictions for custom microservice deployments. You can verify the correctness of your microservices by uploading them via the UI or REST API. If this is successful, your configuration is correct. For details on the `name` and `context-path` fields, refer to [Microservice manifest > Settings](/microservice-sdk/general-aspects/#setting).
```
